---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Getting an Address

## Addresses as Tokens

Before you can deploy a contract to an address you must first
own the corresponding "address token" NFT on the chain. This NFT
is the certificate to the right to deploy code the the address on
the chain.

## Purchasing an Address

You can buy zero addresses or request a custom address on [manyzeros.xyz](https://manyzeros.xyz).
This will directly mint the address token to you on Ethereum mainnet.

### Zero Addresses

_Zero Addresses_ are pre-mined vanity addresses with leading
zeros like `0x000000000000b361194cfe6312EE3210d53C15AA`. They can
make your contract cost less gas when used a parameter or when
used to store data more compactly in contract storage.

You can buy and use them instantly by choosing one on 
[manyzeros.xyz](https://manyzeros.xyz/). You can find your address by clicking on your profile in the top right
and the on [My Addresses](https://manyzeros.xyz/wallet).

## Custom Addresses

The site also allows you to request a custom address with a certain number of specified digits/letters. When you make a request we mine it for you automatically before fulfilling the request automatically on-chain.

Once the request is placed you will not need to take any
additional action. In the event that our service should
shutdown/disappear for any reason before your request is
fulfilled the contract has a trustless refund process you can
trigger.

## Generating Your Own

The underlying contract supports creating & deploying to
addresses generated by 3rd parties.

To do this you can simply select or mine a `(bytes12 id, uint8
nonce)` pair. Note that the higher the nonce, the more expensive
it will be to deploy your contract.

Once selected you can build the address token ID by concatenating
the owner's address to the ID to contstruct the token ID. Example
code:

```solidity
function partialToFullId(address owner, bytes12 partialId)
    internal pure returns (bytes32 fullId)
{
    fullId = bytes32(bytes.concat(bytes20(owner), partialId));
}
```

How to use an ID + nonce pair to mint an address and deploy a
contract will be explained in the next section.
